README.md, before:

# ROMS Download
===============

 ROMS Download is a software designed so that users can download game ROMS from a website called [ROMS Pedia](https://www.romspedia.com).

### Credits
- [Html Agility Pack (HAP)](https://html-agility-pack.net/).
- [markodt](https://github.com/markodt) (https://github.com/SGet).
- [Material Design](http://materialdesigninxaml.net/).
- [Font Awesome WPF](https://github.com/charri/Font-Awesome-WPF).

 ### Donate

If you live in Brazil and liked the project's initiative, you can make a donation via PIX to the following email: jprzimba@gmail.com

### Issues

We use the [issue tracker on GitHub](https://github.com/tryller/romsdownload/issues). Keep in mind that everyone who is watching the repository gets notified by e-mail when there is activity, so be thoughtful and avoid writing comments that aren't meaningful for an issue (e.g. "+1"). If you'd like for an issue to be fixed faster, you should either fix it yourself and submit a pull request, or place a bounty on the issue.

Commit message:

* Rplace Material Design with MahApps.Metro

README.md, after:

# ROMS Download
===============

 ROMS Download is a software designed so that users can download game ROMS from a website called [ROMS Pedia](https://www.romspedia.com).

### Credits
- [Html Agility Pack (HAP)](https://html-agility-pack.net/).
- [markodt](https://github.com/markodt) (https://github.com/SGet).
- [Mah Aapps](https://mahapps.com/).
- [Font Awesome WPF](https://github.com/charri/Font-Awesome-WPF).

 ### Donate

If you live in Brazil and liked the project's initiative, you can make a donation via PIX to the following email: jprzimba@gmail.com
You can also donate via [Pay Pal](https://www.paypal.com/donate/?business=XKPHGJJSTE2RQ&no_recurring=0&currency_code=BRL)

### Issues

We use the [issue tracker on GitHub](https://github.com/tryller/romsdownload/issues). Keep in mind that everyone who is watching the repository gets notified by e-mail when there is activity, so be thoughtful and avoid writing comments that aren't meaningful for an issue (e.g. "+1"). If you'd like for an issue to be fixed faster, you should either fix it yourself and submit a pull request, or place a bounty on the issue.
